https://github.com/bitcoin --Bitcoin
https://github.com/ethereum --Ethereum
https://github.com/ripple --Ripple
https://github.com/bitcoincashorg --Bitcoin Cash
https://github.com/litecoin-project --Litecoin
https://github.com/eosio --EOS
https://github.com/binance-chain --Binance Coin
https://github.com/bitcoin-sv --Bitcoin SV
https://github.com/stellar --Stellar
https://github.com/input-output-hk --Cardano
https://github.com/tronprotocol --Tron
https://github.com/monero-project --Monero
https://github.com/smartcontractkit --Chainlink
https://github.com/neo-project --NEO
https://github.com/iotaledger --IOTA
https://github.com/cosmos --Cosmos
https://github.com/makerdao --Maker/DAI
https://github.com/dashpay --Dash
https://github.com/ethereumclassic --Ethereum Classic
https://github.com/centrehq --USD Coin
https://github.com/ontio --Ontology
https://github.com/loki-project --Loki
https://github.com/vechain --VeChain
https://github.com/crypto-com --Crypto.com Coin
https://github.com/nemtech --NEM
https://github.com/dogecoin --Dogecoin
https://github.com/brave --Basic Attention Token
https://github.com/zcash --Zcash
https://github.com/Synthetixio --Synthetix Network Token
https://github.com/paxosglobal --Paxos Standard
https://github.com/decred --Decred
https://github.com/qtumproject --Qtum
https://github.com/trusttoken --TrueUSD
https://github.com/cennznet --Centrality
https://github.com/0xProject --0x
https://github.com/holochain --Holo
https://github.com/AugurProject --Augur
https://github.com/BTCGPU --Bitcoin Gold
https://github.com/algorand --Algorand
https://github.com/RavenProject --Ravencoin
https://github.com/nanocurrency --Nano
https://github.com/omisego --OmiseGO
https://github.com/EducationEKT --EDUCare
https://github.com/seeleteam --Seele
https://github.com/virtualeconomy --V Systems
https://github.com/DigiByte-Core --Digibyte
https://github.com/LiskHQ --Lisk
https://github.com/KomodoPlatform --Komodo
https://github.com/Kucoin --KuCoin Shares
https://github.com/Bytom --Bytom
https://github.com/SwipeWallet --Swipe
https://github.com/quantnetwork --Quant
https://github.com/eveybcd --Bitcoin Diamond
https://github.com/icon-project --ICON
https://github.com/terra-project --LUNA
https://github.com/thetatoken --THETA
https://github.com/bittorrent --BitTorrent
https://github.com/iost-official --IOST
https://github.com/vergecurrency --Verge
https://github.com/bcndev --Bytecoin
https://github.com/maticnetwork --Matic Network
https://github.com/wavesplatform/ --Waves
https://github.com/monacoinproject --Monacoin
https://github.com/bitshares --Bitshares
https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing --iExec RLC
https://github.com/maidsafe --MaidSafeCoin
https://github.com/HcashOrg --HyperCash
https://github.com/nexofinance --Nexo
https://github.com/DxChainNetwork --DxChain Token
https://github.com/steemit --Steem
https://github.com/aeternity --Aeternity
https://github.com/SolveCare --SOLVE
https://github.com/Zilliqa --Zilliqa
https://github.com/thundercore --Thunder Token
https://github.com/enigmampc --Enigma
https://github.com/ZencashOfficial --Horizen
https://github.com/DigitexFutures --Digitex Futures
https://github.com/golemfactory --Golem
https://github.com/status-im --Status
https://github.com/pundix --Pundi X
https://github.com/energicryptocurrency --Energi
https://github.com/aelfProject --Aelf
https://github.com/electroneum --Electroneum
https://github.com/fetchai --Fetch.ai
https://github.com/riflabs --RIF Token
https://github.com/ILCoinDevTeam --ILCoin
https://github.com/zcoinofficial --Zcoin
https://github.com/renproject --REN
https://github.com/FUSIONFoundation --Fusion
https://github.com/newtonproject --Newton
https://github.com/LambdaIM --Lambda
https://github.com/gxchain --GXChain
https://github.com/kybernetwork --Kyber Network
https://github.com/mvs-org --Metaverse ETP
https://github.com/chainpoint --Tierion
https://github.com/stratisproject --Stratis
https://github.com/aurarad --Aurora
https://github.com/mimblewimble --Grin
https://github.com/nash-io --Nash Exchange
https://github.com/elastos --Elastos
https://github.com/decentraland --Decentraland
https://github.com/EDCBlockchain --EDC Blockchain
https://github.com/bitpopulous --Populous
https://github.com/digixglobal --DigixDAO
https://github.com/FactomProject --Factom
https://github.com/ripio --Ripio Credit Network
https://github.com/iotexproject --IoTeX
https://github.com/BeamMW --Beam
https://github.com/breadwallet --Bread
https://github.com/aionnetwork --Aion
https://github.com/nebulasio --Nebulas
https://github.com/Fantom-Foundation --Fantom
https://github.com/wanchain --Wanchain
https://github.com/nuls-io --NULS
https://github.com/WaltonChain/ --Waltonchain
https://github.com/loopring --Loopring
https://github.com/worldwide-asset-exchange/ --WAX
https://github.com/WaykiChain --WaykiChain
https://github.com/ArkEcosystem --Ark
https://github.com/reddcoin-project --ReddCoin
https://github.com/civicteam --Civic
https://github.com/projectpai/ --Project PAI
https://github.com/Groestlcoin --Groestlcoin
https://github.com/funfair-tech --FunFair
https://github.com/Cdiamondcoin --Diamond Platform Token
https://github.com/loomnetwork --Loom Network
https://github.com/odemio --ODEM
https://github.com/aragon --Aragon
https://github.com/bancorprotocol/ --Bancor
https://github.com/streamr-dev --Streamr DATAcoin
https://github.com/tomochain/ --TomoChain
https://github.com/storj --Storj
https://github.com/truechain --TrueChain
https://github.com/celer-network --Celer Network
https://github.com/MatrixAINetwork --Matrix AI Network
https://github.com/hashgraph --Hedera Hashgraph
https://github.com/harmony-one --Harmony
https://github.com/vertcoin-project --Vertcoin
https://github.com/DiviProject --Divi
