https://github.com/coti-io --Coti
https://github.com/api3dao --API3
https://github.com/oceanprotocol --Ocean Protocol
https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation --MobileCoin
https://github.com/RequestNetwork --Request
https://github.com/skalenetwork --SKALE
https://github.com/UMAprotocol --UMA
https://github.com/InjectiveLabs --Injective
https://github.com/dydxfoundation --dYdX
https://github.com/energywebfoundation --Energy Web Token
https://github.com/Solar-network --Solar
https://github.com/ribbon-finance --Ribbon Finance
https://github.com/threshold-network --Threshold
https://github.com/AudiusProject --Audius
https://github.com/runonflux --Flux
https://github.com/AstarNetwork --Astar
https://github.com/openhive-network --Hive
https://github.com/reserve-protocol --Reserve
https://github.com/Chia-Network --Chia
https://github.com/sushiswap --SushiSwap
https://github.com/livepeer --Livepeer
https://github.com/PureStake --Moonbeam
https://github.com/kadena-io --Kadena
https://github.com/gnosis --Gnosis
https://github.com/ethereum-optimism --Optimism
https://github.com/kusamanetwork --Kusama
https://github.com/DimensionDev --Mask Network
https://github.com/xinfinorg --XDC
https://github.com/yearn --yearn
https://github.com/oasisprotocol --Oasis
https://github.com/osmosis-labs --Osmosis
https://github.com/compound-finance --Compound
https://github.com/balancer-labs --Balancer
https://github.com/ensdomains --ENS
https://github.com/helium --Helium
https://github.com/casper-network --Casper
https://github.com/ArweaveTeam --Arweave
https://github.com/celo-org --Celo
https://github.com/kava-labs --Kava
https://github.com/enjin --Enjin
https://github.com/1inch --1inch
https://github.com/stacks-network --Stacks
https://github.com/lidofinance --Lido
https://github.com/immutable --ImmutableX 
https://github.com/curvefi --Curve
https://github.com/fei-protocol --Fei
https://github.com/ethereumpow --EthereumPoW
https://github.com/MinaProtocol --Mina
https://github.com/graphprotocol --The Graph
https://github.com/thorchain --Thorchain
https://github.com/bitcoin-abc --eCash
https://github.com/klaytn --Klaytn
https://github.com/pancakeswap --Pancake Swap
https://github.com/bitdao-io --Bitdao
https://github.com/aptos-labs --Aptos
https://github.com/Chain --Chain
https://github.com/axieinfinity --Axie Infinity
https://github.com/aave --Aave
https://github.com/thesandboxgame --The Sandbox
https://github.com/ElrondNetwork --Multiversx Elrond
https://github.com/terra-money --Terra Classic
https://github.com/onflow --Flow
https://github.com/okex --OKB
https://github.com/dfinity --Internet Computer
https://github.com/near --Near
https://github.com/filecoin-project --Filecoin
https://github.com/crypto-org-chain --Cronos
https://github.com/ton-blockchain --TON
https://github.com/ava-labs --Avalanche
https://github.com/solana-labs --Solana
https://github.com/paritytech --Polkadot
https://github.com/ethereum --Ethereum
https://github.com/bitcoin --Bitcoin
https://github.com/ripple --Ripple
https://github.com/bitcoin-cash-node --Bitcoin Cash
https://github.com/litecoin-project --Litecoin
https://github.com/eosio --EOS
https://github.com/bnb-chain --Binance Coin
https://github.com/bitcoin-sv --Bitcoin SV
https://github.com/stellar --Stellar
https://github.com/input-output-hk --Cardano
https://github.com/tronprotocol --Tron
https://github.com/monero-project --Monero
https://github.com/smartcontractkit --Chainlink
https://github.com/neo-project --NEO
https://github.com/iotaledger --IOTA
https://github.com/cosmos --Cosmos
https://github.com/makerdao --Maker/DAI
https://github.com/dashpay --Dash
https://github.com/ethereumclassic --Ethereum Classic
https://github.com/centrehq --USDC
https://github.com/ontio --Ontology
https://github.com/oxen-io --Oxen
https://github.com/vechain --VeChain
https://github.com/crypto-com --Crypto.com Coin
https://github.com/symbol --Symbol
https://github.com/dogecoin --Dogecoin
https://github.com/brave --Basic Attention Token
https://github.com/zcash --Zcash
https://github.com/Synthetixio --Synthetix
https://github.com/paxosglobal --Paxos
https://github.com/decred --Decred
https://github.com/qtumproject --Qtum
https://github.com/trusttoken --TrueUSD
https://github.com/0xProject --0x
https://github.com/holochain --Holo
https://github.com/AugurProject --Augur
https://github.com/BTCGPU --Bitcoin Gold
https://github.com/algorand --Algorand
https://github.com/RavenProject --Ravencoin
https://github.com/nanocurrency --Nano
https://github.com/omgnetwork --OmiseGO
https://github.com/seeleteam --Seele
https://github.com/virtualeconomy --V Systems
https://github.com/DigiByte-Core --Digibyte
https://github.com/LiskHQ --Lisk
https://github.com/KomodoPlatform --Komodo
https://github.com/Kucoin --KuCoin Shares
https://github.com/Bytom --Bytom
https://github.com/SwipeWallet --Swipe
https://github.com/quantnetwork --Quant
https://github.com/eveybcd --Bitcoin Diamond
https://github.com/icon-project --ICON
https://github.com/thetatoken --THETA
https://github.com/bittorrent --BitTorrent
https://github.com/iost-official --IOST
https://github.com/vergecurrency --Verge
https://github.com/bcndev --Bytecoin
https://github.com/maticnetwork --Polygon
https://github.com/wavesplatform/ --Waves
https://github.com/monacoinproject --Monacoin
https://github.com/bitshares --Bitshares
https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing --iExec RLC
https://github.com/maidsafe --MaidSafeCoin
https://github.com/HcashOrg --HyperCash
https://github.com/nexofinance --Nexo
https://github.com/DxChainNetwork --DxChain Token
https://github.com/steemit --Steem
https://github.com/aeternity --Aeternity
https://github.com/SolveCare --SOLVE
https://github.com/Zilliqa --Zilliqa
https://github.com/thundercore --Thunder Token
https://github.com/scrtlabs --Secret Network
https://github.com/HorizenOfficial --Horizen
https://github.com/golemfactory --Golem
https://github.com/status-im --Status
https://github.com/pundix --Pundi X
https://github.com/energicryptocurrency --Energi
https://github.com/aelfProject --Aelf
https://github.com/electroneum --Electroneum
https://github.com/fetchai --Fetch.ai
https://github.com/riflabs --RIF Token
https://github.com/firoorg --Firo
https://github.com/renproject --REN
https://github.com/FUSIONFoundation --Fusion
https://github.com/newtonproject --Newton
https://github.com/LambdaIM --Lambda
https://github.com/rei-network --REI Network
https://github.com/kybernetwork --Kyber Network
https://github.com/mvs-org --Metaverse ETP
https://github.com/chainpoint --Chainpoint
https://github.com/stratisproject --Stratis
https://github.com/aurarad --Aurora
https://github.com/mimblewimble --Grin
https://github.com/nash-io --Nash
https://github.com/elastos --Elastos
https://github.com/decentraland --Decentraland
https://github.com/bitpopulous --Populous
https://github.com/digixglobal --DigixDAO
https://github.com/FactomProject --Factom
https://github.com/ripio --Ripio
https://github.com/iotexproject --IoTeX
https://github.com/BeamMW --Beam
https://github.com/breadwallet --Bread
https://github.com/aionnetwork --Aion
https://github.com/nebulasio --Nebulas
https://github.com/Fantom-Foundation --Fantom
https://github.com/wanchain --Wanchain
https://github.com/nuls-io --NULS
https://github.com/WaltonChain/ --Waltonchain
https://github.com/loopring --Loopring
https://github.com/worldwide-asset-exchange/ --WAX
https://github.com/WaykiChain --WaykiChain
https://github.com/ArkEcosystem --Ark
https://github.com/reddcoin-project --ReddCoin
https://github.com/civicteam --Civic
https://github.com/projectpai/ --Project PAI
https://github.com/Groestlcoin --Groestlcoin
https://github.com/funfair-tech --FunFair
https://github.com/Cdiamondcoin --Diamond Platform Token
https://github.com/loomnetwork --Loom Network
https://github.com/odemio --ODEM
https://github.com/aragon --Aragon
https://github.com/bancorprotocol/ --Bancor
https://github.com/streamr-dev --Streamr
https://github.com/tomochain/ --TomoChain
https://github.com/storj --Storj
https://github.com/truechain --TrueChain
https://github.com/celer-network --Celer Network
https://github.com/MatrixAINetwork --Matrix AI Network
https://github.com/hashgraph --Hedera
https://github.com/harmony-one --Harmony
https://github.com/vertcoin-project --Vertcoin
https://github.com/DiviProject --Divi